
This directory contains grey-scale images used as examples in "Introduction 
to Data Compression" by K. Sayood, published by Morgan-Kaufmann Publishers.  
They are 8 bits per pixel grey level images stored in raster
scan order.  If you have a viewer that does not permit viewing of raw images,
you can use the convpgm program to convert the images to pgm format.  If
you are working on a PC with a VGA display you can use the "showimg" program
to display these images.  Various other programs for use with images can also 
be found in the programs subdirectory.

Image          Size          Description

sena.img       256X256   Boy
sinan.img      256X256   Boy
elif.img       256X256   Girl
earth.img      256X256   earth 
omaha.img      256X256   aerial view of a portion of Omaha, Nebraska (courtesy
                         Center for Advanced Land Management  - University of
                         Nebraska - Lincoln)
sensin.img     256X256   Two boys
ccir_frame.y   720X486   The Y component of a CCIR 601 frame.
ccir_field.y   720X486   The two fields of the Y component of a CCIR 601 frame.
bookshelf1.img 256X256   bookshelf
bookshelf1.img 256X256   closer view of a bookshelf

DISCLAIMER:

All programs and supporting material are presented "as is" without warranty
of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Neither Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, the authors, nor anyone else who has been
involved in the creation, production, or delivery of this software shall be
liable for any direct, incidental, or consequential damages resulting from
use of the software or documentation, regardless of the theory of liability.

The entire risk as to quality, performance or results due to use of the
software is assumed by the user and the software is provided without support
or obligation of any kind to assist in its use, modification, or enhancement.
Should the software prove defective, the user (and not Morgan Kauffman
Publishers or others involved in the creation of this software) shall assume
the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction to the
software and any other software or equipment used in connection with it.
Morgan Kaufmann Publishers, Inc. does not accept any liability with respect
to infringement of copyrights, trade secrets, or patents by this software
or documentation.





